Throughout this project, I have started to learn a lot about code although I have found it quite challenging. I do think that doing this project in a pair with someone who you can bounce ideas off of would be really useful, but the friend that I was originally going to work with did not stay in the class. With each part of the project I believe that I have progressed the code further and expanded my knowledge of what each part of the code does and how it can be manipulated. 

How long (cumulative) have you spent on the code?

I don’t know exactly how long I have spent on the project in total, but I have spent a bit of time each week building and editing since I came up with the original code. Most recently I had some issues with expanding the board and that became a bit time consuming, taking a few hours. I would say I have put at least two hours each week, sometimes more or sometimes less. 

What was the most time consuming part?
Figuring out the test suite and what it meant was really confusing to me, as I didn’t really understand where to start with it. Using some online resources and videos explaining what it was, I believe I was able to understand it and I’ll be able to continue learning as I go further into the project. 

 In retrospect, how could you have worked more efficiently?
I do think that I could have gone to help hours/office hours more, but I am usually in class or at work during the times that these are happening. I do think that before the final project I definitely will do this more. The midterm also definitely creeped up on me and I did not know it would be due so soon, so I would have definitely gone to help hours to figure out the test suite if the canvas assignment had been up earlier in the week. 

What libraries/starter code were most useful? To what extent did you need to modify them?
My initial code was made when looking at several libraries and chat gpt, but I have since added and changed to this original code including the recent expansion to a 5x5 board instead of the typical 3x3 board.
